[feature] Add API endpoint for indoor map coordinates #828 (#976)
openwisp/openwisp-controller: docs/user/rest-api.rst

    DELETE /api/v1/controller/floorplan/{pk}/

List Indoor Coordinates of a Location
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. note::

>     this endpoint returns device coordinates from the lowest positive
>     floor by default. If no positive floor exists, it returns coordinates
>     from the highest negative floor instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This endpoint returns device coordinates from the first floor above
    ground (lowest non-negative floors) by default. If a location only has 
    negative floors (e.g. underground parking lot), then it will return the 
    closest floor to the ground (maximum negative floor). 
```

    DELETE /api/v1/controller/floorplan/{pk}/

List Indoor Coordinates of a Location
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. note::

    This endpoint returns device coordinates from the first floor above
    ground (lowest non-negative floors) by default. If a location only has
    negative floors (e.g. underground parking lot), then it will return

>     the closest floor to the ground (maximum negative floor).

Author: Updated!
